
Sometimes you can train the users. 
Password checkers have trained them to use longer passwords with numbers as well as letters
, and the effect spills over to websites that don’t use them [446]. 
But you do not want to drive customers away
, so the marketing folks will limit what you can do. 
In fact, research shows that 
password rule enforcement is not a function of the value at risk
, but of whether the website is a monopoly. 
Such websites typically have very annoying rules
, while websites with competitors, such as Amazon, are more usable,
placing more reliance on back-end intrusion-detection systems.

In a corporate or military environment you can enforce password choice rules, or password change rules, or issue random passwords. 
But then people will have to write them down. 

So you can insist that passwords are treated the same way as the data they protect: 
bank master passwords go in the vault overnight
, while military ‘Top Secret’ passwords must be sealed 
in an envelope, in a safe, in a room that’s locked when not occupied, in a building patrolled by guards. 

You can send guards round at night to clean all desks and bin everything that hasn’t been locked up. 

But if you want to hire and retain good people, you’d better think things through a bit more carefully. 

For example, one Silicon Valley firm had a policy that the root password for each
machine would be written down on a card and put in an envelope taped to the side of the machine 
– a more human version of the rule that passwords be treated the same way as the data they protect. 

The domestic equivalent is the card in the back of your wifi router with the password.

While writing the first edition of this book
, I could not find any account of experiments 
on training people in password choice that would hold water 
by the standards of applied psychology (i.e., randomized controlled trials with adequate statistical power). 

The closest I found was a study of the recall rates, forgetting rates, and guessing rates of various types of password [347];
this didn’t tell us the actual effects of giving users various kinds of advice.
We therefore decided to see what could be achieved by training
, and selected three groups of about a hundred volunteers from our first-year science students [2058]:

the red (control) group was given the usual advice (password at least six characters long, including one nonletter);
the green group was told to think of a passphrase and select letters from
it to build a password. 
So ‘It’s 12 noon and I am hungry’ would give ‘I’S12&IAH’;
the yellow group was told to select eight characters (alpha or numeric) 
at random from a table we gave them, write them down
, and destroy this note after a week or two once they’d memorized the password.

What we expected to find was that 
the red group’s passwords would be easier to guess than the green group’s which would in turn be easier than the yellow group’s; 
and that the yellow group would have the most difficulty remembering their passwords (or would be forced to reset them more often)
, followed by green and then red. But that’s not what we found.

About 30% of the control group chose passwords that could be guessed using Alec Muffett’s ‘crack’ software, versus about 10 percent for the other two groups. 

So passphrases and random passwords seemed to be about equally effective. 

When we looked at password reset rates, there was no significant difference between the three groups. 

When we asked the students whether they’d found their passwords hard to remember (or had written them down)
, the yellow group had significantly more problems than the other two;
but there was no significant difference between red and green.

The conclusions we drew were as follows.

For users who follow instructions, passwords based on mnemonic phrases offer the best of both worlds. 
They are as easy to remember as naively selected passwords, and as hard to guess as random passwords.
The problem then becomes one of user compliance. 
A significant number of users (perhaps a third of them) just don’t do what they’re told.

So when the army gives soldiers randomly-selected passwords
, its value comes from the fact that the password assignment compels user compliance
, rather than from the fact that they’re random (as mnemonic phrases would do just as well).

But centrally-assigned passwords are often inappropriate. 

When you are offering a service to the public
, your customers expect you to present broadly the same interfaces as your competitors. 

So you must let users choose their own website passwords
, subject to some lightweight algorithm to reject passwords that are ‘clearly bad’. 

(GCHQ suggests using a ‘bad password list’ of the 100,000 passwords most commonly found in online password dumps.)


有時候你可以訓練使用者。密碼檢查器已經訓練了他們使用更長的密碼，包含數字和字母，而這種效果也會波及到那些不使用這些檢查器的網站。
但你不希望驅逐客戶，所以行銷人員會限制你能做的事情。
事實上，研究顯示，密碼規則的執行不是由風險價值決定的，而是由網站是否壟斷決定的。
這些網站通常會有非常惱人的規則，而像亞馬遜這樣有競爭對手的網站則更易用，更多地依賴於後端入侵檢測系統。

在企業或軍事環境中，你可以強制執行密碼選擇規則，或密碼更改規則，或發放隨機密碼。但那樣的話人們就得把它們寫下來。

所以你可以堅持要求密碼與其保護的數據一樣受到尊重：
銀行的主密碼晚上放在金庫裡，
而軍事的『機密』密碼必須放在信封裡，放在保險櫃裡，放在沒人時上鎖的房間裡，放在由警衛巡邏的建築物內。

你可以在晚上派遣警衛清理所有桌子，並將沒有被鎖起來的東西放進垃圾箱。
但如果你想聘用和留住優秀的人才，你最好仔細考慮一下。

例如，一家矽谷公司有一個政策，即每台機器的根密碼會被寫在一張卡片上，
並貼在機器的側面，這是對密碼與其保護的數據一樣受到尊重的更人性化的版本。
在家庭環境中，相當於路由器背面的卡片上的密碼。

在撰寫本書的第一版時，我找不到任何關於訓練人們選擇密碼的實驗，
這些實驗能夠符合應用心理學的標準（即具有充分的統計功效的隨機對照試驗）。
我找到的最接近的是一項對各種類型的密碼的回憶率、遺忘率和猜測率進行研究；
這並沒有告訴我們給用戶各種建議的實際效果。
因此，我們決定看看通過培訓可以實現什麼，並從我們的一年級理科學生中選擇了三個約一百人的小組：

紅色（對照）小組獲得了通常的建議（密碼至少要有六個字符，包括一個非字母字符）；
綠色小組被告知要想一個密語，然後從中選擇字母來構建密碼。因此，“It's 12 noon and I am hungry”會給出“I'S12&IAH”；
黃色小組被告知從我們給的表中隨機選擇八個字符（字母或數字），寫下來，並在一兩周後銷毀這個筆記，一旦他們記住了密碼。

我們預期會發現紅色小組的密碼比綠色小組的更容易猜測，
而綠色小組的又比黃色小組的更容易，
而黃色小組則最難記住他們的密碼（或者更頻繁地被迫重置），其次是綠色，然後是紅色。
但這並不是我們發現的情況。

大約30%的對照組選擇的密碼可以使用Alec Muffett的“crack”軟件猜測，而其他兩組則約為10%。
因此，密語和隨機密碼似乎具有大致相同的效果。

當我們查看密碼重置率時，三個小組之間沒有顯著差異。

當我們問學生們是否發現他們的密碼難以記住（或者已經將它們寫下來），
黃色小組比其他兩個小組有顯著更多的問題；但紅色和綠色之間沒有顯著差異。


我們得出的結論如下：

對於遵從指示的用戶來說，基於口訣短語的密碼最好。
它們易於記憶，就像天真選擇的密碼一樣，而且難以猜測，就像隨機密碼一樣。
問題就變成了用戶的遵從性問題。許多用戶（也許有三分之一）只是不聽指示。

因此，當軍隊給士兵隨機選擇密碼時，其價值來自於迫使用戶遵從，
而不是來自於它們的隨機性（因為口訣短語同樣有效）。

中央分配的密碼通常是不適當的。
特別是在提供服務給公眾時，客戶期望與競爭對手相比，您提供的界面應該大致相同。
因此，您應該讓用戶自己選擇他們的網站密碼，但受到某些輕量級算法的限制，以拒絕“明顯糟糕”的密碼。

一個建議是使用“壞密碼列表”，其中包含 online password dumps中最常見的10萬個密碼。


In the case of bank cards, users expect a bank-issued initial PIN plus the ability to change the PIN 
afterwards to one of their choosing (though again you may block a ‘clearly bad’ PIN such as 0000 or 1234).

Over half of cardholders keep a random PIN
, but about a quarter choose PINs such as children’s birth dates which have less entropy than random PINs would
, and have the same PIN on different cards. 
The upshot is that a thief who steals a purse or wallet may have a chance of about one in eleven to get lucky, if he tries the most common
PINs on all the cards first in offline mode and then in online mode, so he gets six goes at each. 
Banks that forbid popular choices such as 1234 can increase the odds to about one in eighteen [296].

在銀行卡的情況下，用戶期望銀行發行初始PIN，然後可以在之後自行更改PIN。
儘管如此，您可能會阻止一些“明顯糟糕”的PIN，比如0000或1234。

事實上，超過一半的持卡人會保留一個隨機的PIN，
但大約四分之一的人會選擇像兒童生日這樣的PIN，

這些PIN的熵比隨機PIN低，而且可能會在不同的卡上使用相同的PIN。


