
The first human-factors issue is that 
if a password is too long or complex
, users might have difficulty entering it correctly. 
If the operation they’re trying to perform is urgent
, this might have safety implications. 
If customers have difficulty entering software product activation codes
, this can generate expensive calls to your support desk. 
And the move from laptops to smartphones during the 2010s has made password rules 
such as ‘at least one lower-case letter, upper-case letter, number and special character’ 
really fiddly and annoying.
This is one of the factors pushing people toward longer but simpler secrets, such as passphrases of three or four words. 
But will people be able to enter them without making too many errors?

An interesting study was done for the STS prepayment meters used to sell electricity in many less-developed countries. 
The customer hands some money to a sales agent, and gets a 20-digit number printed out on a receipt. 
They take this receipt home, enter the numbers at a keypad in the meter, and the lights come on. 
The STS designers worried that since a lot of the population was illiterate
, and since people might get lost halfway through entering the number
, the system might be unusable. 
But illiteracy was not a problem: 
even people who could not read had no difficulty with numbers 
(‘everybody can use a phone’, as one of the engineers said). 
The biggest problem was entry errors
, and these were dealt with by printing the twenty digits in two rows
, with three groups of four digits in the first row followed by two in the second [94]. 
I’ll describe this in detail in section 14.2.

A quite different application is the firing codes for US nuclear weapons. 
These consist of only 12 decimal digits. 
If they are ever used, the operators will be under extreme stress, and possibly using improvised or obsolete communications channels. 
Experiments suggested that 12 digits was the maximum that could be conveyed reliably in such circumstances. 
I’ll discuss how this evolved in section 15.2.

人因因素的第一個問題是，如果密碼太長或太複雜，使用者可能會難以正確輸入。
如果他們嘗試進行的操作很緊急，這可能會帶來安全問題。
如果客戶難以輸入軟體產品啟用代碼，這可能會導致昂貴的客服電話。

而在2010年代從筆記型電腦轉向智慧型手機的趨勢使得密碼規則，
例如「至少包含一個小寫字母、大寫字母、數字和特殊字符」變得非常麻煩和煩人。
這是促使人們轉向更長但更簡單的密碼，例如由三個或四個詞組成的密語的因素之一。
但人們能否在不犯太多錯誤的情況下輸入它們呢？

一個有趣的研究是針對許多不發達國家使用的STS預付費電表進行的。
客戶將一些錢交給銷售代理，然後得到一張印有20位數字的收據。
他們帶著這張收據回家，在電表上的鍵盤上輸入這些數字，然後燈亮了。
STS的設計者擔心，由於很多人口是文盲，而且人們可能在輸入數字的過程中迷失，系統可能無法使用。
但文盲不是問題：即使是不能閱讀的人也沒有難度處理數字（正如其中一位工程師所說的「每個人都會使用手機」）。
最大的問題是輸入錯誤，這些錯誤通過在兩行中印刷二十個數字來處理，第一行有三組四個數字，後面是兩個。我會在第14.2節中詳細描述這一點。

一個完全不同的應用是美國核武器的發射代碼。
這些代碼只有12個十進制數字。如果它們被使用，操作者將處於極端壓力之下，可能使用臨時或過時的通信渠道。
實驗表明，在這種情況下，12個數字是可靠傳遞的最大數量。
