

Part of the solution is to give users better tools. 
Modern browsers alert you to wicked URLs, with a range of mechanisms under the hood. 
First, there are lists of bad URLs collated by the anti-virus and threat intelligence community. 
Second, there’s logic to look for expired certificates and other compliance failures
(as the majority of those alerts are false alarms).


There has been a lot of research, in both industry and academia
, about how you get people to pay attention to warnings. 

We see so many of them, most are irrelevant, and many are designed to shift risk to us from someone else. 
So when do people pay attention? 
In our own work, we tried a number of things and found that people paid most attention when the warnings
were not vague and general (‘Warning - visiting this web site may harm your computer!’) 
but specific and concrete 
(‘The site you are about to visit has been confirmed to contain software that poses a significant risk to you, with no tangible benefit. 
It would try to infect your computer with malware designed to steal your bank account and credit card details in order to defraud you) [1329].

Subsequent research by Adrienne Porter Felt and Google’s usability team has tried many
ideas including making warnings psychologically salient using faces (which doesn’t work), simplifying the text (which helps) and making the safe defaults both attractive and prominent (which also helps). 

Optimising these factors improves compliance from about 35% to about 50% [675]. 
However, if you want to stop the great majority of people from clicking on known-bad URLs, then voluntary compliance isn’t enough. 
You either have to block them at your firewall, or block them at the browser 
(as both Chrome and Firefox do for different types of certificate error – a matter to which we’ll return in 21.6).


解決方案的一部分是給用戶更好的工具。

現代瀏覽器會提醒您有惡意的URL，這是由一系列機制支持的。
首先，有一些由防病毒和威脅情報社群整理的壞URL列表。
其次，還有一些邏輯來檢查過期的證書和其他違規行為（因為大多數警報都是虛警）。

在工業界和學術界已經有很多研究，探討如何讓人們注意到警告。
我們經常看到這些警告，大多數是無關緊要的，許多是為了將風險從其他人轉移到我們身上。
那麼人們什麼時候會注意到呢？
在我們自己的工作中，我們試了很多方法，
發現當警告不是模糊而普遍的時候
（“警告-訪問這個網站可能會損害您的電腦！”），
而是具體而具體的時候
（“您即將訪問的網站已被確認包含對您構成重大風險的軟件，且沒有明確的好處。
它會試圖通過惡意軟件感染您的電腦，以竊取您的銀行帳戶和信用卡詳細信息以進行欺詐）。

Google的可用性團隊進行了後續研究，嘗試了許多想法，
包括使用臉部使警告在心理上引人注目（這是無效的），
簡化文本（有所幫助）
並使安全默認值既有吸引力又突出（這也有所幫助）。

優化這些因素將遵從率從約35％提高到約50％。
但是，如果您想要阻止大多數人點擊已知的壞URL，那麼自願遵守是不夠的。
您必須在防火牆上阻止它們，或者在瀏覽器上阻止它們
（正如Chrome和Firefox對不同類型的證書錯誤所做的那樣 - 這是我們將在第21.6節中討論的問題）。


wicked：在這裡指的是惡意的，邪惡的，通常用來形容壞的或邪惡的事物。
hood：這裡指的是引擎罩的縮寫，是指汽車引擎的罩子，但在這裡應該是指代隱藏的背後的意思。
compliance：遵從，順從，指按照規定或要求行事的行為或態度。
tangible：具體的，可觸摸的，指可以感知到或實際存在的事物，與抽象相對。
prominent：突出的，顯著的，指在某個方面或位置上特別顯眼或重要的。
voluntary：自願的，自發的，指自己主動選擇或自發地進行某個行為或活動。


將以上文字翻譯成繁體中文
然後根據上下文
條列解釋以下單字的意思
wicked
hood
compliance
tangible
prominent 
voluntar





