In the first section of the book, I cover the basics.

The first chapter sets out to clarify concepts and terminology 
by describing the secure distributed systems commonly found in four environments: 
a bank, an air force base, a hospital, and the home. 

The second chapter then plunges into the thick of things by
describing the threat actors and how they operate. 
We look at state actors such as the US, Chinese and Russian intelligence communities
, about which we now know quite a lot thanks to disclosures by Ed Snowden and others; 
we describe the cybercrime ecosystem, which we've been studying for some years now; 
and we also describe non-financial abuses from cyber-bullying and intimate partner abuse 
up to election manipulation and political radicalisation. 
This teaches that a wide range of attackers use similar techniques
, not just at the technical level 
but increasingly to deceive and manipulate people.

In the third chapter we therefore turn to psychology.
Phishing is a key technique for both online crime and national intelligence gathering; 
usability failures are exploited all the time, and are really important for safety as well as security. 
One of the most fruitful areas of security research in recent years has therefore been psychology. 
Security engineers need to understand how people can be deceived
, so we can design systems that make deception harder. 
We also need to understand how risk perceptions and realities have drifted ever further apart.

The following chapters dig deeper into the technical meat. 

The fourth chapter is on security protocols, which specify 
how the players in a system 
- whether people, computers, phones or other electronic devices - 
establish and maintain trust. 

The fifth is on the 'duct tape' that underlies most of the protocols and holds distributed systems together: cryptography. 
This is the art (and science) of codes and ciphers; 
but it is much more than a clever means for keeping messages secret from an eavesdropper. 
Nowadays its job is taking trust from where it exists to where it's needed
, maintaining the integrity of security contexts, and much more besides.

The sixth chapter is on access control:
how can we keep apart the different apps on a phone
, or the different virtual machines or containers on a server
, and how can we control the data flows we want to permit between them.
Sometimes this can be done cleanly, but often it's hard; 
web browsers deal with JavaScript code from multiple untrustworthy websites
, while home assistants have to deal with multiple people.

我們如何在手機上保持不同應用程式之間的區分，
或者在伺服器上保持不同虛擬機器或容器之間的區分，
以及我們如何控制我們希望允許的數據流
有時這可以做得很乾淨，但往往很困難；
網頁瀏覽器要處理來自多個不可信網站的JavaScript代碼，
而家庭助手則必須處理多個人

The next chapter is on distributed systems. 
Systems that run on multiple devices have to deal with coordination problems 
such as concurrency control, fault tolerance, and naming. 
These take on subtle new meanings when systems must be made resilient against malice as well as against accidental failure.
Many systems perform poorly or even fail because their designers don't think through these issues.

在 多個設備上運行的系統 必須處理 協調問題 ，如 並發控制 、 容錯容忍度 和 命名
當系統必須對抗 惡意 以及 意外故障 時，這些問題會產生 微妙的 新含義
許多系統表現不佳甚至失敗，因為它們的設計者沒有深思熟慮這些問題

resilient 有彈性的；能復原的；有復原力的；適應性強的

The final chapter in this part is on economics. 
Security economics has grown hugely since this book first appeared in 2001 and helped to launch it as a subject. 
We now know that many security failures are due to perverse incentives rather than to deficient technical protection mechanisms. 
(Indeed, the former often explain the latter.) 
The dependability of a system is increasingly an emergent property that depends on the self-interested striving of large numbers of players; 
in effect it's an equilibrium in a market. 
Security mechanisms are not just used to keep 'bad' people out of 'good' systems
, but to enable one principal to exert power over another; they are often abused to capture or distort markets. 
If we want to understand such plays, or to design systems that resist strategic manipulation, we need some game theory and auction theory.

自從這本書於2001年首次出版以來，安全經濟學已經蓬勃發展，並幫助將其作為一門學科推出
我們現在知道，許多 安全失敗 是 由於 扭曲的激勵 ，而 不是 因為 技術保護機制不足
（事實上，前者通常解釋了後者。）
系統的 可靠性 越來越成為一種 新興屬性 ，它取決於大量參與者的 自利 努力 ；實際上，它是 市場 中的一種 均衡
安全機制不僅僅用於 將“壞”人排除在“好”系統之外 ，還用於讓 一方主體 對 另一方 施加權力；它們經常被 濫用 來 佔領或扭曲市場
如果我們想要理解這類行為，或者 設計 抵抗戰略操縱的 系統 ，我們需要一些 博弈論 和 拍賣理論


These chapters cover basic material, and largely follow what we teach first-year and second-year undergraduates at Cambridge. 
But I hope that even experts will find the case studies of interest and value.


























