
As the clever ways of creating service-denial attacks have been closed off one by one
, the bad guys have turned increasingly to brute force
, by sending floods of packets from infected machines. 

隨著一個又一個創造服務阻斷攻擊的巧妙方法被逐漸封鎖，
壞人們越來越轉向使用蠻力，
透過從受感染的機器發送大量封包來進行攻擊。

The first distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack may have been the Morris worm in the 1980s
, and the first deliberate one in the 1990s with the attack already mentioned on Panix. 
Nowadays, botnets are assembled using all sorts of vulnerabilities
, and underground markets let some people specialise in hacking machines 
and selling them to others who extract value in various ways. 
Since 2016, the machines most used for DDoS have been IoT devices 
such as CCTV cameras, which are now connected in large numbers to home WiFi networks with reasonable bandwidth
, but which tend to have known default passwords – and are often incapable of being patched. 
The Mirai botnet appeared in 2016 to exploit this opportunity
, and there have been over a thousand variants of it since (its source code got posted to Hackforums).

第一次分散式阻斷服務（DDoS）攻擊可能是在1980年代的Morris蠕蟲，
而第一次有意識的攻擊可能是在1990年代的Panix上已經提到的攻擊。
如今，僵屍網絡是利用各種漏洞組裝而成的，
地下市場讓一些人專門從事入侵機器
並將其出售給其他人，這些人以各種方式提取價值。
自2016年以來，用於 DDoS 的機器最常用的是物聯網設備，
例如閉路電視攝像機，這些攝像機現在與家庭WiFi網絡連接，具有合理的帶寬，
但往往具有已知的默認密碼，並且往往無法修補。 
Mirai 僵屍網絡於2016年出現，以利用這個機會，
自那時以來已經有一千多個變體（其源代碼已發布在Hackforums上）。

There are various motives for service-denial attacks. 
Most are launched by schoolkids – typically gamers who want to take down an opposing crew’s teamspeak server. 
There has for some years been a black market in DDoS-for-hire
, which the authorities in the USA and elsewhere have been trying to close down. 

There have been some incidents of blackmail (e.g., of online bookmakers), and a growing use of the technique for suppressing political opponents 
– starting perhaps with attacks on the servers of an opposition party in Kyrgyzstan, even when these were relocated to North America [1616]. 

We discussed their use in conflict by states in Chapter 2.
That said, one mustn’t forget online activism. 
If a hundred thousand people send email to the White House protesting against some policy or other
, is this a DDoS attack? Protesters should not be treated as felons; 
but protest can easily shade over into abuse, and drawing legislative distinctions can be hard.

對於服務阻斷攻擊，存在著各種動機。
大多數攻擊是由學生發起的 - 通常是想要摧毀對手團隊的 Teamspeak 伺服器的遊戲玩家。
多年來，黑市上存在著一個 DDoS 租用市場，
美國和其他地方的當局一直在努力關閉它。

曾發生過一些勒索事件（例如，在線博彩公司），以及該技術在壓制政治對手方面的增長使用 
- 或許從對吉爾吉斯坦一個反對黨服務器的攻擊開始，即使這些服務器已經遷移到北美[1616]。

我們在第二章中討論了國家衝突中的使用情況。
儘管如此，人們不應忘記在線活動主義。
如果十萬人向白宮發送電子郵件抗議某些政策，
這是一次 DDoS 攻擊嗎？抗議者不應被視為罪犯；
抗議很容易逐漸變成濫用，並且在立法上進行區分可能很困難。

"Shade over" 是一個片語，意思是逐漸轉變或漸漸變成。
在這個上下文中，它指的是一個行為或情況逐漸變成另一個行為或情況，
通常是指一個原始行為或情況變得更為不當或不合適。
