

On wide-area networks, most data move between machines using either the User Datagram Protocol (UDP)
, which is connectionless
, or the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)
, which sets up persistent connections between endpoints. 
Let’s start with the 3-way handshake used by Alice to initiate a TCP connection to Bob
and set up sequence numbers for subsequent packet traffic (see Figure 21.1).

A → B: SYN; my number is X
B → A: CK; now X + 1 SYN; my number is Y
A → B: ACK; now Y + 1 (start talking)

This protocol has been exploited in many ways. 
The classic service-denial attack is the SYN flood. 
Alice simply sends a lot of SYN packets and never acknowledges any of the replies. 
Bob accumulates more records of SYN packets than his software can handle. 
This was used in one of the first distributed denial-of-service attacks that brought down Panix, a New York ISP, for several days in 1996.

The technical fix was the ‘SYNcookie’: 
rather than keeping a copy of the incoming SYN packet, B simply sends out as Y an encrypted version of X. 
That way, Bob doesn’t have to retain a lot of state about half-open sessions. 
Despite this, SYN floods persisted, albeit at a declining rate, for many years. 
The general principle is that when you’re designing a protocol anyone can invoke
, don’t let malicious users force honest ones to do work.

The more common attack now is SYN reflection. 
Alice sends Bob a packet that purports to come from Charlie.
Bob replies to Charlie, and in practice systems send up to five ACKs in response to each SYN as a robustness measure
, so there’s still a useful amplification effect.


在廣域網路中，大多數資料在機器之間傳輸時使用的是User Datagram Protocol (UDP)，它是無連接的，
或者Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)，它在端點之間建立持續的連接。

讓我們從Alice用來向Bob初始化TCP連接並為後續的封包流量設置序列號的三向握手開始（見圖21.1）。

A → B: SYN；我的號碼是X
B → A: CK；現在X + 1 SYN；我的號碼是Y
A → B: ACK；現在Y + 1（開始交談）

這個協議已經被多種方式利用了。經典的服務拒絕攻擊是SYN洪水攻擊。
Alice簡單地發送了大量的SYN封包，並且從不確認任何回覆。
Bob累積了比他的軟件處理能力更多的SYN封包記錄。
這在1996年的一次分布式阻斷服務攻擊中被用來使紐約的ISP Panix 嘗試了數天。

技術修復是“SYNcookie”：B不再保留來自入站SYN封包的副本，而是僅將X的加密版本作為Y發送出去。
這樣，Bob就不必保留大量有關半開放會話的狀態。
儘管如此，許多年來，SYN洪水攻擊仍然持續存在，盡管有所減少。
一般原則是，在設計任何人都可以調用的協議時，不要讓惡意用戶強迫誠實的用戶去做工作。

現在更常見的攻擊是SYN反射攻擊。
Alice發送給Bob的封包聲稱來自Charlie。
Bob回覆給Charlie，在實際操作中，系統對每個SYN封包都會發送多達五個ACK作為一種韌性措施，因此仍然存在有用的放大效應。






將以上文字翻譯成繁體中文
然後根據上下文
條列解釋以下單字的意思


















