Against stupidity, the Gods themselves contend in vain.
– JC FRIEDRICH VON SCHILLER

對抗愚蠢，連神明自己也徒勞無功

Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller
（1759年11月10日 - 1805年5月9日）是一位德國詩人、劇作家、哲學家和歷史學家，被譽為德國浪漫主義文學的重要代表之一。
他的作品包括劇作《威廉·泰爾》（Wilhelm Tell）、《墨非爾》（Die Räuber）和《唐·卡洛斯》（Don Carlos）等，以及許多重要的詩歌。
Schiller 的作品通常探討人性、自由、革命和愛情等主題，對德國文學和歷史產生了深遠的影響。

As a dog returneth to his vomit, so a fool returneth to his folly.
– PROVERBS 26:11

狗若吐了、仍轉而吃、愚人辦了傻事、仍又去辦。

"Proverbs" 指的是《聖經》中的箴言部分，它包含了智慧和道德教訓的短句或寓言。
箴言通常以简洁而深刻的形式表达智慧，旨在引导人们的行为和思想。


The cashless payment industry is one of the winners from the coronavirus pandemic, as people worldwide abandon cash in favour of card and phone payments. 
The underlying banking systems range from payment card processing and home banking through high-value interbank money transfers to the back-end bookkeeping systems that keep track of it all and settle up afterwards.
There are specialised networks for everything from stock trading to trade payments, many of which are open to other companies too. 
Larger companies have internal bookkeeping and cash management systems that mirror many of the functions of a bank.

新冠疫情 導致 全球人們放棄現金，轉而採用卡片和手機支付，這使得 無現金支付 行業成為疫情中的贏家之一。
底層的銀行系統 涵蓋了 從支付卡處理和家庭銀行業務到高值銀行間資金轉移，以及在此之後追踪和結算一切的後端簿記系統。
對於 股票交易 到 貿易支付 ，有 專門的網絡 ，其中許多也對其他公司開放。
較大的公司擁有 內部簿記 和 現金管理 系統，可以反映出許多銀行的功能。

Such systems matter to the security engineer for a number of reasons.

由於一些原因，這些系統對安全工程師很重要

First, they’re a core professional competence. 
You need to understand transaction processing to tackle the wider problems of fraud
, and this chapter will give you a road map. 
You also need to understand internal controls based on bookkeeping
, as these not only give early warnings when things go wrong
, but also drive corporate risk management. 

You have to be able to carry a conversation about Gramm-Leach-Bliley
, Sarbanes-Oxley and PCI DSS to have credibility with your CFO. 

When you propose protection mechanisms, one of the first things you’re likely to be asked is 
how they’ll help executives discharge their fiduciary responsibilities to shareholders.

首先，這些系統是核心的專業能力。
您需要了解交易處理，以應對更廣泛的詐騙問題，
而這章節將為您提供路線圖。
您還需要理解基於簿記的內部控制，
因為這些不僅在事情出錯時提供早期警告，
而且推動企業風險管理。

您必須能夠就Gramm-Leach-Bliley、Sarbanes-Oxley和PCI DSS進行對話，
以便在您的首席財務官面前擁有信譽。

當您提出保護機制時，您很可能首先被問及的是
它們如何 幫助 高管 履行 對股東的 受託 責任 

    "executives" 指的是高管，即公司中的管理層人員，如首席執行官、首席財務官等。
    "discharge" 在這裡是指履行或執行某種責任或義務。
    "fiduciary" 意指信託責任，指高管對公司股東負有的法律責任，要求他們以股東的最佳利益為依歸。
    "shareholders" 是指公司的股東，即持有公司股份的個人或機構。在公司治理中，股東是公司的所有者之一。


Second, bookkeeping drove the computer industry. 
The first computer outside the military and academia was the Leo
, which did bookkeeping for the Lyons chain of coffee houses from 1951. 

Banking rapidly became the most intensive application area for computing
, which spread into other firms via the automation of bookkeeping from the 1960s. 

So the protection of bookkeeping systems is of both historical and practical importance. 

It also gives us a well-understood model of protection in which confidentiality plays little role
, but where the integrity of records (and their immutability once made) is paramount.

A banking system should prevent customers from cheating each other, or the bank; 
it should prevent bank staff from cheating the bank, or its customers; 
and the evidence it provides should be good enough 
that none of them can get away with falsely accusing others of cheating. 

Banking and bookkeeping pioneered the use of dual control
, also known nowadays as multi-party authorisation.

第二，簿記驅動了電腦產業。
第一台脫離軍方和學術界的電腦是利昂（Leo），
從1951年開始為萊昂斯咖啡館連鎖店進行簿記。
從1960年代開始，銀行業迅速成為電腦應用最密集的領域，通過簿記自動化的方式擴散到其他公司。
因此，保護簿記系統具有歷史和實際重要性。

它還為我們提供了一個被廣泛理解的保護模型，在這個模型中，保密性幾乎不起作用，
但記錄的完整性（以及一旦形成後的不可變性）至關重要。

銀行系統應該防止客戶彼此欺騙，或欺騙銀行；
它應該防止銀行員工欺騙銀行，或其客戶；
系統提供的證據應該是可信的，
足以防止任何人透過虛假指控他人來逃脫責任

銀行業和簿記開創了 雙重控制 的使用，現在也被稱為 多方授權

Third, transaction processing systems 
– whether for $50 ATM withdrawals, or $100m wire transfers – 
were the application that launched commercial cryptology as a separate discipline outside the military. 
They drove the development of encryption algorithms and protocols, as well as the supporting technology such as smartcards. 
Many instructive mistakes were first made (or at least publicly documented) in the area of financial cryptography.

第三，無論是用於50美元的自動取款，還是1億美元的電匯，
交易處理系統 都是 將 商業密碼學 作為一門獨立學科 從軍事領域中分離出來 的應用
 
 "launch" 在这里的意思是 推动、启动或开创
 这句话指的是 交易处理系统 作为应用 推动了 商业密码学 作为一个独立学科的发展

它們推動了加密算法和協議的發展，以及智能卡等支援技術的發展。
許多 具有啟發意義的錯誤 首次出現（或至少是公開記錄）在 金融密碼學 領域

Finally, many of the global-scale systems we’ve built this century 
were designed to circumvent the checks and balances 
that had evolved over centuries in the local and manual systems they replaced. 

Google’s mission was to make all the world’s information available 
by disrupting the previous implicit and explicit controls of locality, scale, confidence and copyright. 

Uber planned to become the global taxi company 
by circumventing taxi regulations in thousands of towns and cities worldwide. 

It’s hardly surprising that a successful startup often has to reinvent controls
, whether under pressure from fraud and abuse, or under pressure from lawmakers.

最後，許多我們在本世紀建立的全球規模系統
都是 為了規避 在本地和手動系統中演變了幾個世紀的各種監督和平衡

谷歌的使命是通過 打破 以前的地域性、規模性、信心和版權的隱含和明確的控制，使世界上所有的信息都可以獲得

Uber計劃通過 規避 全球數千個城鎮和城市的計程車 規定 來成為全球計程車公司

成功的初創企業往往 不得不 重新發明 控制，這並不令人意外，
無論是受到詐騙和濫用的壓力，還是受到立法者的壓力

In this chapter, I’ll first describe the bookkeeping systems used to track assets and manage the risk of corrupt staff; 
such accounting systems are also used by other companies of any size. 

I’ll then describe the international funds-transfer systems used for interbank payments. 

Next, I’ll describe ATM systems, the public face of banking
, whose technology has also been adopted in applications such as utility meters. 

I’ll follow with the story of credit cards, which have become the main payment mechanism online. 
I’ll then move on to more recent technical advances, including contactless payments, phone payments and open banking.

在這一章中，我將首先描述用於跟蹤資產並管理內部腐敗風險的簿記系統；這些會計系統也被任何規模的其他公司使用。
接下來，我將描述用於銀行間支付的國際資金轉移系統。
然後，我將描述自動取款機系統，這是銀行的公共面，其技術也被應用於公用事業計量等應用中。
我將繼續講述信用卡的故事，它已成為在線支付的主要機制。然後，我將轉向更近期的技術進步，包括無接觸支付、手機支付和開放式銀行服務。












