
And the Gileadites took the passages of Jordan before the Ephraimites: and it was so, that when
those Ephraimites which were escaped said, Let me go over; that the men of Gilead said unto him,
Art thou an Ephraimite? 

If he said, Nay; Then said they unto him, Say now Shibboleth: and he said Sibboleth: 
for he could not frame to pronounce it right. Then they took him, and slew him at the
passages of the Jordan: and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousand.

– JUDGES 12:5–6

《士師記》12:5-6是《聖經》中的一段經文，記錄了古代以色列的歷史事件。
這段經文描述了基列人和以法蓮人之間的一場戰鬥，其中基列人在攻佔了約旦河的渡口後，擊敗了以法蓮人。
在這場戰鬥中，當逃脫的以法蓮人試圖逃過河流時，基列人透過要求他們念「西播列」（Shibboleth）來辨別他們的身份。
由於以法蓮人的方言發音不同，無法正確念出「西播列」一詞，而被識破並殺害。

"judges" 一詞在這裡指的是「判官」或「法官」。
在《士師記》中，這些判官是由神所指定，起到領導以色列人、解決紛爭和執行公義的角色。
因此，《士師記》這本書的名稱即是源自於這些判官的角色。

《士師記》是《聖經》中的一卷，它的名稱源自希伯來文中的「שופטים」（Shofetim），意為「士師」或「判官」。
這個名稱反映了這本書記載了以色列歷史中的一個特定時期，被稱為「士師時代」。
在這段時期，以色列的領袖不是由國王統治，而是由神所任命的士師來領導以色列人。
《士師記》記錄了這個時期的歷史事件、人物和神蹟，描繪了以色列人與外敵的戰鬥以及他們對神的忠誠或背叛。
因此，這本書被稱為《士師記》。




The above quotation may be the first recorded military use of a security pro-
tocol in which the authentication relies on a property of the human being – in
this case his accent. (There had been less formal uses before this, as when Isaac
tried to identify Esau by his bodily hair but got deceived by Jacob, or indeed
when people recognized each other by their faces – which I’ll discuss later.)
Biometrics identify people by measuring some aspect of individual anatomy
or physiology (such as your hand geometry or fingerprint), some deeply
ingrained skill or behavior (such as your handwritten signature), or some
combination of the two (such as your voice).
In the 21st century the market has really taken off, with three major changes
since the second edition of this book in 2008.

以上引文可能是第一次記錄了一個安全協議的軍事應用，
其中認證依賴於人類的某種特性 - 在這種情況下是他的口音

（在此之前已經有過較不正式的使用，例如以撒試圖通過伊薩的身體毛髮來識別他，
但被雅各欺騙，或者當人們通過他們的面孔互相識別時 - 這我稍後會討論。）

生物識別技術通過測量個人解剖學或生理學的某些方面（例如您的手部幾何形狀或指紋）、
某種根深蒂固的技能或行為（例如您的手寫簽名）或兩者的組合（例如您的聲音）來識別人員

到了21世紀，這個市場真正起飛，與2008年本書第二版相比，發生了三個重大變化。


1. There are many large-scale programs by states to identify citizens
using biometrics, of which the biggest single programme may be
India’s Aadhaar project, which has recorded the iris codes and
fingerprints of over a billion people. International travel has been
speeded up by international standard biometric travel documents,
the US-VISIT program that fingerprints visitors to the USA, and
face-recognition passport booths at the borders of the European Union.
2. There has been a massive improvement in face recognition technology,
brought about by the revolution in deep neural networks since 2012.
This has made passport booths steadily faster and more reliable,
made mass surveillance easier, and led to concerns about privacy
and human rights – particularly given its deployment in China.
3. Automatic fingerprint readers are no longer a niche product
for bank vaults and welfare offices, but are deployed on hun-
dreds of millions of mobile phones. Now that people keep their
entire lives in their phones, or on web services for which their
phones have the credentials, they are relied on to stop a lost
or stolen phone turning from annoyance into disaster.
The biometric systems market has taken off like a rocket, growing from $50m
in 1998 to over $1.5bn in 2005 [999] and $33bn in 2019 [2040].
I’ll start off by describing the biometric techniques that predate the computer
age – handwritten signatures, facial features and fingerprints – then describe
how they have been automated, and then go on to explore some more modern
techniques.

許多國家都有大規模的計劃，利用生物識別技術來識別公民，
其中最大的單一計劃可能是印度的Aadhaar項目，該項目已記錄了超過十億人的虹膜代碼和指紋
國際旅行 已經因 
國際標準的生物識別旅行文件、美國訪客指紋登記計劃以及歐洲聯盟邊境的人臉識別護照亭 
而加速

自2012年以來，深度神經網絡的革命已經大幅改進了人臉識別技術
這使得護照亭的速度和可靠性穩步提高，使大規模監視變得更加容易，
並引發了對隱私和人權的擔憂 - 特別是考慮到它在中國的應用

自動指紋識別器不再是僅用於銀行保險庫和福利辦公室的小眾產品，
而是部署在數億部移動電話上。現在人們將他們的整個生活保存在手機中，
或者通過手機擁有相關資格的網絡服務，因此依靠它們來阻止遺失或被盜手機導致麻煩變成災難

生物識別系統市場像火箭一樣起飛，從1998年的5000萬美元增長到2005年的超過15億美元，
並在2019年達到330億美元。我將從描述計算機時代之前的生物識別技術開始 - 手寫簽名、面部特徵和指紋 - 
然後描述它們如何被自動化，然後繼續探索一些更現代的技術。










