
The experience of the 2010s
, as the large service firms scaled up and people moved en masse to smartphones, is that 
password recovery is often the hardest aspect of authentication. 


If people you know, such as your staff, forget their passwords
, you can get them to interact with an administrator or manager who knows them. 
But for people you don’t know such as your online customers it’s harder. 
And as a large service firm will be recovering tens of thousands of accounts every day
, you need some way of doing it without human intervention in the vast majority of cases.


During the 1990s and 2000s, many websites did password recovery using
‘security questions’ such as asking for your favourite team, the name of your pet 
or even that old chestnut, your mother’s maiden name. 
Such near-public information is often easy to guess 
so it gave an easier way to break into accounts than guessing the password itself. 

This was made even worse by everyone asking the same questions. 
In the case of celebrities – or abuse by a former intimate partner – there may be no usable secrets.

This was brought home to the public in 2008
, when a student hacked the Yahoo email account of US Vice-Presidential candidate Sarah Palin 
via the password recovery questions – her date of birth and the name of her first school. 
Both of these were public information. 

在2010年代的經驗中，
隨著大型服務公司的規模擴大和人們大規模轉向智能手機，
密碼恢復通常是身份驗證中最困難的方面。

如果您認識的人，比如您的員工，忘記了他們的密碼，您可以讓他們與了解他們的管理員或經理進行互動。
但是對於您不認識的人，比如您的在線客戶，情況就更加困難了。
由於大型服務公司每天需要恢復成千上萬個帳戶，您需要一種在絕大多數情況下無需人工干預的方式來完成這個任務。

在1990年代和2000年代，許多網站使用"安全問題"來進行密碼恢復，
例如詢問您最喜歡的球隊、您寵物的名字，甚至那些老掉牙的問題，如您母親的娘家姓。
這些幾乎是公開的信息通常很容易被猜到，因此比猜測密碼本身更容易進入帳戶。

這讓情況變得更糟的是，每個人都問同樣的問題。對於名人或者受到前任親密伴侶滋擾的情況，可能沒有可用的秘密。

這在2008年讓公眾深刻體會到，一名學生通過密碼恢復問題，
即她的出生日期和她第一所學校的名字，來入侵了美國副總統候選人莎拉·佩林的雅虎電子郵件帳戶。
這些都是公開信息。


Since then, crooks have learned to use security questions to loot accounts when they can; 
at the US Social Security Administration, a common fraud was to open an online account 
for a pensioner who’s dealt with their pension by snail mail in the past
, and redirect the payments to a different bank account. 
This peaked in 2013; 
the countermeasure that fixed it was to always notify beneficiaries of account changes by snail mail.

自那時以來，詐騙者已經學會了如何利用安全問題來洗劫帳戶；
在美國社會安全管理局，一種常見的欺詐行為是
為曾經通過郵寄方式處理他們的養老金的老年人
開設一個在線帳戶，
並將支付款項重定向到另一個銀行帳戶。
這種情況在2013年達到了頂峰；
解決這個問題的對策是通過郵寄方式通知受益人帳戶變更，並且總是這麼做。

In 2015, five Google engineers published a thorough analysis of security questions, and many turned out to be extremely weak.
For example, an attacker could get a 19.7% success rate against ‘Favourite food?’ in English.
Some 37% of people provided wrong answers, in some cases to make them stronger, but sometimes not. 
Fully 16% of people’s answers were public. 
In addition to being insecure, the ‘security questions’ turned out to be hard to use: 
40% of English-speaking US users were unable to recall the answers when needed
, while twice as many could recover accounts using an SMS reset code [292].

這段文字描述了2015年五名谷歌工程師對安全問題進行了詳盡的分析。他們發現許多安全問題實際上非常脆弱。
攻擊者對於問題「最喜歡的食物？」的成功率高達19.7%。
此外，這些安全問題也被發現很難使用：
40%的美國英語使用者無法在需要時記起答案，而有兩倍多的人可以通過短信重置代碼來恢復帳戶。


Given these problems with security and memorability
, most websites now let you recover your password by an email to the address with which you first registered. 
But if someone compromises that email account, they can get all your dependent accounts too. 

大多數網站允許您通過發送電子郵件到您首次註冊時使用的地址來恢復您的密碼。
然而，如果有人入侵了該電子郵件帳戶，他們也可以獲得您所有相關的帳戶。

Email recovery may be adequate for websites where a compromise is of little consequence
, but for important accounts – such as banking and email itself – standard practice is now to use a second factor.
This is typically a code sent to your phone by SMS
, or better still using an app that can encrypt the code and tie it to a specific handset.
Many service providers that allow email recovery are nudging people towards using such a code instead where possible. 
Google research shows that SMSs stop all bulk password guessing by bots, 96% of bulk phishing and 76% of targeted attacks [574].

But this depends on phone companies taking care over who can get a replacement SIM card, and many don’t.
The problem in 2020 is rapid growth in attacks based on intercepting SMS authentication codes
, which mostly seem to involve SIM swap
, where the attacker pretends to be you to your mobile phone company and gets a replacement SIM card for your account.

對於那些帳戶或網站的安全性受到入侵影響不大的情況下，使用電子郵件恢復密碼可能足夠。
但對於重要的帳戶，如銀行和電子郵件本身，現在的標準做法是使用第二要素進行身份驗證。
通常是透過短訊發送到您手機上的代碼，
或者更好的是，能夠加密代碼並將其綁定到特定手機的應用程式
許多服務提供商，鼓勵人們使用這樣的代碼
谷歌的研究顯示，短訊能夠有效阻止所有由機器人進行的大規模密碼猜測，96%的大規模釣魚行為以及76%的有針對性攻擊

但這取決於電信公司是否注意誰可以獲得替換SIM卡，而許多公司並未這樣做。
2020年，基於攔截短信驗證碼的攻擊急速增長，這主要似乎涉及SIM卡交換，
即攻擊者假冒您向您的手機公司申請並獲得您帳戶的替換SIM卡。


SIM-swap attacks started in South Africa in 2007
, became the main form of bank fraud in Nigeria
, then caught on in America 
– initially as a means of taking over valuable Instagram accounts
, then to loot people’s accounts at bitcoin exchanges
, then for bank fraud more generally [1094]. 

SIM卡交換攻擊始於2007年的南非
，後來成為尼日利亞主要的銀行詐騙形式
，然後在美國流行開來 
- 最初是為了佔領有價值的Instagram帳戶
，然後是為了洗劫人們在比特幣交易所的帳戶
，然後是更廣泛的銀行詐騙 [1094]。

I will discuss SIM-swap attacks in more detail in section 12.7.4.
Attackers have also exploited the SS7 signalling protocol to wiretap targets’ mobile phones remotely and steal codes [485]. 

在第12.7.4節中更詳細地討論SIM卡交換攻擊。
攻擊者還利用SS7信令協議來遠程竊聽目標的手機並竊取代碼

I’ll discuss such attacks in more detail in the chapters on phones and on banking. 
The next step in the arms race will be 
moving customers from SMS messages for authentication and account recovery to an app; 
the same Google research shows that 
this improves these last two figures to 99% for bulk phishing and 90% for targeted attacks [574]. 

在關於手機和銀行的章節中，我將更詳細地討論這些攻擊。
在這場軍備競賽中的下一步將是
將客戶 從 使用短訊消息進行身份驗證和帳戶恢復 轉移到 一個應用程式上；
同樣的谷歌研究顯示，
這將使得有效阻止大規模釣魚攻擊的成功率達到99%，有效阻止有針對性攻擊的成功率達到90%


As for the targeted attacks, other research by Ariana Mirian along with colleagues from UCSD and Google 
approached gangs who advertised ‘hack-for-hire’ services online and asked them to phish Gmail passwords.
Three of the gangs succeeded, defeating SMS-based 2fa with a middleperson attack; 
forensics then revealed 372 other attacks on Gmail users from the same IP addresses during March to October 2018 [1324]. 

至於針對性攻擊，阿里亞娜·米利安與加州大學聖地亞哥分校和谷歌的同事進行了其他研究，
他們接觸到在網上宣傳“租用黑客”服務的黑幫，並要求他們進行對Gmail密碼的釣魚。
其中三個黑幫成功了，通過中間人攻擊打敗了基於短訊的雙重身份驗證；
隨後的法庭鑑定顯示，在2018年3月至10月期間，這些相同IP地址對Gmail用戶進行了其他372次的攻擊 

This is still an immature criminal market, but to stop such attacks an app or authentication token is the way to go. 

這仍然是一個不成熟的犯罪市場，但要阻止這樣的攻擊，使用應用程式或身份驗證令牌是正確的方法。

It also raises further questions about account recovery. 
這也引發了更多關於帳戶恢復的問題

If I use a hardware security key on my Gmail, do I need a second one in a safe as a recovery mechanism? (Probably.) 
如果我在Gmail上使用硬體安全鑰匙，我是否需要在保險櫃中再備份一個作為恢復機制？（可能需要。）

If I use one app on my phone to dobanking and another as an authenticator
, do I comply with rules on two-factor authentication? (See section 12.7.4 in the chapter on banking.)
如果我在手機上使用一個應用程式來進行銀行業務，另一個應用程式作為身份驗證器，
我是否符合雙重身份驗證的規則？

Email notification is the default for telling people not just of suspicious login
attempts, but of logins to new devices that succeeded with the help of a code.
That way, if someone plants malware on your phone, you have some chance of detecting it. 

電子郵件通知是告知人們不僅有可疑的登錄嘗試，還有成功通過代碼幫助登錄到新設備的默認方式。


How a victim recovers then is the next question. 

If all else fails, a service provider may eventually let them speak to a real person. 

But when designing such a system, never forget that it’s only as strong as the weakest fallback mechanism 
– be it a recovery email loop with an email provider you don’t control
, a phone code that’s vulnerable to SIM swapping or mobile malware
, or a human who’s open to social engineering.

接下來的問題是受害者如何恢復。

如果一切都失敗了，服務提供商最終可能會允許他們與真人交談。

但在設計這樣的系統時，永遠不要忘記，它的強度僅取決於最薄弱的後備機制 
- 無論是與您無法控制的電子郵件提供商的恢復電子郵件迴圈，
還是容易受到SIM卡交換或手機惡意軟件攻擊的電話代碼，
抑或是容易受到社會工程攻擊的人類。


"Recovery email loop" 指的是在帳戶恢復過程中使用的一種機制。
通常，當您忘記了密碼或無法訪問您的帳戶時，
服務提供商會通過電子郵件發送一個帳戶恢復連結或代碼給您，
以便您可以重新設置密碼或以其他方式恢復帳戶訪問權限。

這個過程中，您的電子郵件帳戶扮演了一個關鍵的角色，
因為您需要能夠訪問並收到該恢復郵件以完成恢復過程。

"Recovery email loop" 指的是在這樣的情況下，
您可能需要通過多次發送或接收恢復郵件來成功完成帳戶恢復的過程。


忘記密碼--如何恢復

安全問題 
只有你自己知道答案的問題

電子郵件 不夠安全
簡訊 SIM卡交換攻擊 
人工 社交工程

簡訊
有效阻止所有由機器人進行的大規模密碼猜測，96%的大規模釣魚行為以及76%的有針對性攻擊
綁訂至手機的APP
有效阻止大規模釣魚攻擊的成功率達到99%，有效阻止有針對性攻擊的成功率達到90%



